and Donald Trump let's listen in this is
a roundtable who have been truly great
business leaders and our great business
leaders and you're opening up your
company again to if you think about it
right you instead of doing a reopening
but they're great companies and they'll
do very well hopefully better than ever
before and that's what we're seeing
we're seeing tremendous pent up demand
and it's a beautiful thing to see so
it's wonderful to have American industry
leaders and that's what you are true
leaders to the White House you've been
here before all of you and we've talked
about it in different times we built the
greatest economy in the history of the
world and nobody even disputes that and
one day they walk in they say so we're
gonna have to close it up until we get
rid of this hidden enemy this this
terrible scourge and that's what we did
and we did the right thing we did an
incredible job we worked with the
governments we work with states all over
the country we had no ventilators are
very few from previous administrations
and we can't we became the king of
ventilators we have thousands and
thousands of ventilators we're now
helping other countries with ventilators
we had old-fashioned tests that didn't
work they were really obsolete they
didn't work they were broken and we end
up the testing has been incredible now
and to a level that nobody's seen I got
a call from president moon of South
Korea he said congratulations your
testing was just nobody's ever seen
anything like we're doing we've tested
more than all countries put together and
millions of tests and the highest
quality tests but it's it's great to be
with with you we're joined by matt
mattox of wind resorts chris Rennels of
toyota chris Necedah of hilton Josh
Bolten of the Business Roundtable Walt
immer of Waffle House and thanks to vice
president Mike
Secretary of minuchin and Secretary
Eugene Scalia that Scalia has very good
genes where Scalia he has very good
genes that guy I'll tell you Scully he's
got the Scalia genes right we all know
what that means
we mourn and I have to say this so
strongly
we mourn every life tragically lost to
the invisible enemy and we're heartened
that the worst of the pain and suffering
is going to be behind us we think we
really have crossed a big boundary and
much better days are ahead and I often
say I see the light at the end of the
tunnel very strongly this demand is
going to be incredible I think next year
is going to be an incredible year for
our economy I think the fourth quarter
is going to be really really good Kevin
we were talking about that before you
maybe will say something and we're going
to be in a transition quarter next
quarter the third quarter and I think
will do very very nicely there from an
economic standpoint but thanks to the
devotion of the American people the
number of new cases continues to decline
the United States has now conducted
nearly 6 million tests far more than any
other nation as I said so many so many
tests and so much has been learned about
what we're fighting and if it does rear
up a little bit in the fall or even a
lot we'll be able to put it out we'll
put out the embers it will put out the
flames two weeks ago we release
guidelines to give States a real strong
indication of what we want and how we
want it done we've really had a good
relationship with the states Mike Pence
has worked very very hard with the task
force he's headed the task force so
importantly with a great group of people
and it's been it's just been incredible
what's what's taking place over a very
short period of time including the gowns
and all of the surgical equipment and
the safety equipment and masks people
don't talk about masks anymore that's
the other thing they're not talking
about mess they were talking about where
are the masks because we had a
a cupboard that was bare we didn't have
a lot of a lot of equipment or medical
supplies in the cupboard that we
inherited now we're taking in millions
and millions of masks I'll give you a
number that you won't even believe we
have an order 500 million masks coming
in and we've delivered millions and
millions and tens of millions of masks
all over so you don't hear about that
anymore either you don't hear about
ventilators you don't hear about masks
and you shouldn't be hearing about
testing but that's the last thing they
can complain about I guess you know if
we do if we do two million tests they
said how come you didn't do three well
we do three and then they say how come
you didn't do for you that's like a
that's like a dream for the media but
we've done incredible with the testing
and you'll see over the next coming
weeks Mike you may want to speak about
that a little bit but over the next
coming weeks you'll see some some
astonishing numbers I don't know that
all of that's even necessary you have
some governor's that love the tests you
have others that like doing it a
different way an old-fashioned way with
some testing but we're going maximum
testing we've encouraged the more than
30 states that have taken steps to
resume economic activity already we've
given them tremendous encouragement and
support we're backing them a hundred
percent you know many governors have
called me telling me their plans laying
them out governor of Texas Oklahoma
governor of Arkansas many many governors
I spoke with Governor Cuomo we had a
great talk today on a different subject
but he wants to get open everybody wants
to get up and they want to get open and
what I want to get back to business and
their constituents the citizens of this
country want to get back and that's
what's happening so I just want to
perhaps start off by introducing our
vice president and then we'll go around
the table and you'll introduce yourself
and say a few words to the media you're
covered by your very serious media out
here the audience can't see it but these
are the most wonderful human beings
actually this is a nice group I can't
imagine we actually have a nice group of
people but Mike if you could say a few
words please I would be great and then
we'll go around the table thank you
Thank You mr. president and I want to
thank all the distinguished busy
leaders who are here in the in the
literally millions of Americans that are
employed at the businesses represented
around this table it's remarkable to
think mr. president that before the
corona virus epidemic came ashore we had
seen extraordinary growth in the
American economy not just the stock
market setting records millions of new
jobs more Americans working than ever
before but in January when you stood up
the White House coronavirus task force
that you said we had one mission and
that was to save lives and to make sure
that that the health care providers in
America would be able to render the
level of care to any American any
American struggling with the coronavirus
that we would want our own family
members to have and thanks to your
leadership thanks to the partnership
that we forged with states across the
country working with local health
officials mr. president as as you said
yesterday we have light at the end of
the tunnel we really are encouraged by
the progress and even the hot spots
around the country cases are leveling
off and in some areas going down
hospitalizations are declining even in
the Greater New York City area that's a
testament to the American people and to
way the American people now nearly 45
days ago embraced the guidelines to slow
the spread and as we come to the end of
this mitigation period states across the
country have all embraced those same
mitigation and social distancing efforts
the American people have put them into
practice
we've saved lives we've protected the
vulnerable we preserved our health care
system and we're well on our way to
healing our land as you mentioned
testing will be a part of how we move to
the next stage it was just on the 16th
that you laid out a plan for opening up
America again and as we sit here today
I'm I'm informed that 35 states have
already released formal opening plans
many of which are consulting directly
with our team here
in in the administration and we're going
to continue to work with all of them
testing is a major part of it and I can
assure you mr. president and the
American people that will continue to
scale testing across the country we're
doing more than a million tests a week
now 5.8 million tests total we expect by
next month very quickly to be at a
capacity to do more than two million
tests a week we laid out our blueprint
for testing and as I heard again today
on a conference call with America's
governor's in agricultural States
there's great enthusiasm for the
blueprint for testing that you unveiled
early this week and we'll be surging
supplies and resources and reagents into
the States to support that increased
testing but we know that that ultimately
we've we've got to find a way to help
America get back to work and having the
opportunity to hear from these business
leaders about best practices that
businesses are considering whether they
be restaurants like Waffle House or
major corporations and hotels we welcome
that we look forward to partnering with
you as the president said America works
when America is working and we're
absolutely committed as soon as it is
safe and responsible to do so to partner
with governors across the country
partner with businesses across the
country and open up America again so
thank you mr. Prevert ii much Mike and I
just before we go around a puritan
medical supplies a wonderful company
will produce 40 million additional swabs
per month starting in May no they've
opened up a very big process and that
was funding authorized by the defense
production act so that'll help the
states and again we're there to help the
states a lot of states can buy their own
swabs it's not that big a deal but we're
here to help them we want them to be
successful we had as you know the
governor of Louisiana and today and we
told that story which has been a really
great story and we had the governor of
Florida and yesterday and that was a
great story these were just incredible
what's been happening so maybe we'll
start with my left and Chris you want to
take it and tell
about you I know a lot about your
company but maybe a lot of people don't
tell them the story
indeed you do Thank You first off for
inviting me back to the White House I
was thinking on the way down here today
I'm based in Washington that I was here
about six weeks ago the world was a
different place we were we were not at
the beginning but we were in the thick
of it fighting this war and we've come a
long way and we've made tremendous
progress thanks to your leadership and
the leadership of the administration
there's represented around this table
and otherwise so thank you for that we
you know we are very supportive as an
industry and certainly as a company on
reopening America we think it's critical
that that happened the guidelines that
you and the administration of outline we
are incredibly supportive of opening in
a safe and healthy way which which you
and vice president Pence just described
we have been trying it Hilton and as an
industry to be part of the solution
throughout so in the middle of the crux
of the crisis when first responders were
unable to get housing even though our
industry and our company has its share
of problems we provided with American
Express 1 million rooms free of charge
to first responders those rooms are
still being provided to first responders
as they fight the war but now as we
think about and I spend my time
predominantly on the reopening of our
business what we realize is that people
do want to get out they want safety they
want to be doing it in a way that is
safe they want to feel good about it but
they want to get out they want to visit
their family their friends their loved
ones they ultimately want to get around
the country and do business again and in
order to do that they want to feel safe
so all the work that you all are doing
is obviously as an administration in the
States is critical what we're trying to
do in our part is develop the best
health and hygiene standards that exist
so when they stay in our hotels they
feel safe so what we launched just this
week was in a partnership with Lysol one
of the most respected brands with some
of the best scientists on cleanliness
and and killing germs and the Mayo
Clinic one of the most reputable health
organizations in the world we have
developed and are working on the
absolute best protocols and when people
come into our hotels the rooms have been
cleaned they've been sealed the public
spaces have have and that they can feel
safe and secure in that environment so
they can get out and see the people they
want to see and see this great country
again like like they used to we've also
been trying to work with the industry
industry to their credit is trying to
mobilize to create a consistent set of
standards so that this isn't just Hilton
the whole industry you know would would
have a set of health and hygiene
standards that would make that would
make people comfortable we will be
sharing it with the administration
sharing it with governor's already to
correct try and create a standard we
stand ready as Hilton and we stand ready
as an industry to help get America open
and moving again that's great thank you
very much great company and you'll have
it up and running again very soon I know
you very well and you're gonna do a
great job
reopening we're reopening Hilton and
we're reopening our nation a lot of
companies are very excited right now
Steve do want to say just a couple of
words about where we are with the
different things was well I think Thank
You mr. president mr. vice president
it's great to see these companies here
today it's great to see the reopening I
think we're making an enormous amount to
progress yesterday we met with small
businesses that we saw the benefit of
the programs today we're meeting with
big businesses as particularly pleased
to hear from Chris he's been able to
access the capital markets just the
announcement of our facilities with the
Federal Reserve created liquidity so
that public companies could access the
capital markets and not need to come to
the government's for support thank you
thank you very much please I'm doing
great Thank You mr. president
I'm Walt amber with Waffle House in
Atlanta Georgia it is a it's an honor to
be here today thank you for including me
a
a probably a well-dressed cook and
dishwasher I don't know about big
companies but but we're happy to be
included and thank you to mr.
vice-president for for all of your
support I am here representing our
industry I believe and in large part the
independent restaurant companies of
America that that are out here that have
helped create the fabric of our country
with the restaurants that they've put in
our communities and the connections they
have the communities and and we in a
small way feel like we are a part of
that we did have we did have the
opportunity this week in the state of
Georgia and the state of Tennessee to
open up some of our dining rooms to dine
in customers again and it was very
welcomed by our people it was welcomed
by our customers our customers are ready
to see some sign of progress that we are
beginning to move forward we've done it
in a safe way we have followed all of
the guidelines your guidelines the CDC
guidelines and how to make that happen
but what we believe we when we started
out in this journey we said we really
have several goals and the first goal
was we wanted it to be a safe
environment for our customers and for
our associates and our second goal was
to create financial safety for our
workforce and I wanted to thank you
personally for on behalf of our
workforce for all of the stimulus funds
that have gone directly to the workforce
of America it is making a difference it
has made a difference is keeping the
economic engine turning so ever so
slowly right now but it is helping keep
people put food on the table and a roof
over their heads so on behalf of our
workforce I thank you for that as we got
into this we we felt like we needed to
make a lot of adjustments coming in one
of the great things about a restaurant
and the entire restaurant community the
restaurants are the second largest
private employer in the country
and there is a million restaurants out
there and probably no other industry has
been hit as hard from a revenue
standpoint or a layoffs and furloughs
standpoint but restaurants if you think
about everyone what's number one health
health care is my understanding yeah
private employers I assume you guys are
number one overall but so you know
restaurants have a unique opportunity to
help lead us out of this and and the
reason for that in my opinion is is that
we have been practicing safe food
handling for years the safety of our
guests has always been paramount so what
we have done is we've taken a workforce
that is trained to do that and added
more sanitation practices to it more
touch points more social distancing as
as you have prescribed and the CEC is
prescribed and we have a basically
turned our restaurants into the ability
pretty much at half capacity to to seat
yes in our restaurant and it it has
given us an opportunity to get the
wheels of the economy our economy our
engine turning a little bit because the
next thing we want to make sure is we
protect the jobs for the people that
work for us and the people in our
industries so we're very appreciative I
did want to say that ever since my
daughter was young she everytime she saw
the WH on the TV screen she thought that
that stood for Waffle House so I don't
know if you have the trademark for the
WH or we do but we could probably work
something out by warm I WH tie for you
this one was here first we might have to
talk then so but thank you for including
us and on behalf of all the restaurant
operators out there in the country we
appreciate this opportunity to begin the
journey to move forward and thank you
very much Walt we appreciated Chris
Reynolds Chris of Toyota yes mr.
president thank you first for inviting
us Thank You mr. vice president and
giving us an opportunity to share how
Toyota is working within the American
automotive industry to return to work
safely to reopen America safely we
announced on March 18 that we were
suspending production due to the awful
scourge of the corona virus on March 19
we started to plan to reopen we started
right away
and just to give you some quick
background on Toyota we've been here in
the US for over 60 years fifteen hundred
dealers one point two million dollar one
point two million units of cars and
trucks manufactured last year four
hundred and seventy five thousand people
employed including a great number in the
state of Indiana from where our Vice
President is from going to the next
slide we with that as background really
are trying to apply three fundamental
principles to how we're going to return
to work principle number one is we need
to stay connected with our team members
so every week we conduct phone surveys
with all 32,000 of our factory workers
asking them how are they feeling what's
their health what's their family's
well-being what's their confidence level
in returning to work and we also preview
with them all of the new safety
protocols and processes that we're going
to put in place we share pictures of the
reconfigured factory workplace so they
can have confidence that we're doing
everything possible mr. president to
keep them healthy safe and productive
the second principle that we follow is
that we've prepared our plants and
facilities for safe and healthy working
so like many here we're engaging in
marked off areas that require social
distancing the provision of masks and
face shields where appropriate daily
temperature screening as well as a daily
app based questionnaire that before you
come into work asks you how are you
feeling today do you have any symptoms
so that we can try and manage and
contain the virus and we're using best
practices not only from your own Center
for Disease Control mr. president but
also from around the world to try and
increase the safety and health of our
team members as they produce and then
the third principle is we're not date
driven we're data driven so our current
plan is to open on May 11 it'll be a
slow gradual opening of our plants
around the country but we're flexible
every plant will be different
we'll have staggered shifts we'll do
many other things to comply with the
Centers for Disease Control guidelines
and our goal is to prioritize team
member and health mr. president one
final point we all know that our team
members live in communities it's not
just the workforce that they're in
they're in communities so what Toyota
has done a
it's tried to support the communities in
which our team members live including
manufacturing half-a-million face
shields just since the start of this
crisis to distribute to health care
centers nursing homes first responders
around the country so that our team
members can feel that we're also part of
the community and we've also put
together just released yesterday a
community service announcement aimed at
those communities of color that have
been particularly impacted by the lethal
nature of this virus this announcement
includes a celebrity is encouraging
everyone to engage in safe practices
promoted by the Centers for Disease
Control so we think it's a holistic
process we think it's also a process
that requires commitment and thank you
for the commitment that your
administration has demonstrated we're
gonna get through this as a family mr.
president thank you so Chris what's
Toyota doing in Japan are they open are
they semi open what's happening in Japan
mr. president in Japan the situation
varies Prefecture by Prefecture it
depends on the plant some facilities are
operating some are not and that's really
a function of both the the situation on
the ground and a given Prefecture like
our state or it's a function of demand
so it varies sir great job you can have
a great Olympics next year too by the
way
Thank You mr. president really great
Olympics thank you very much matt mattox
please a win/win resort sighs Thank You
mr. president first I'd like to echo
what you're saying about testing and
testing capacity we have seen a real
expansion in testing capacity in Las
Vegas so much so that our University
Hospital is going from a couple hundred
tests today to ten thousand tests today
they don't have enough people to test so
I signed to deal with them to allow
Alwyn employees to get tests anytime for
free and they're going to set up on-site
testing so that's moving forward we also
during this time decided to pay all
15,000 of our employees from
housekeeper's to head of sales
and we did that because I thought that
could help accelerate the economy so as
an example we took our call center and
we've had our call center team up with
the Health District to become contact
tracers we tripled the amount of contact
tracing ability on us for our state to
get that moving and we've published a 23
page plan for the whole world to see
ten days ago that lays out exactly what
we think a strip opening would look like
we have thermal cameras at our entrances
we have company supplied PPE we have
just about every UV technology that you
can think of for disinfectant so we're
ready and I'm encouraging our state that
we need to begin a phased approach and
and get back to business
so Matt when do you think the Las Vegas
Strip will be open again any idea so the
plan that I put forward to the state is
this week let's start phase one Golf
Course tennis courts small restaurant
small retails nail salons etc with
social distancing in place judge the
benchmarks that we've prepared we
prepared three benchmarks based on
disease growth ICU capacity and testing
positivity rate we're gonna have them
out there public every day if we're
inside those benchmarks in three weeks
then on Memorial Day I would hope that
we're open and you have a lot of excess
testing capacity that's great we do
others have said that - we do Rob Santa
said yes so all 12,000 of our employees
in Las Vegas can now go get a test it's
fantastic thank you very much great job
said Laura all of my friends that well
well of course Josh Bolten plays judge
Business Roundtable
missus and does a great job at the
Business Roundtable well thank you
Jewish Thank You mr. president thanks
for this opportunity
I'm Josh Bolten I'm CEO of the Business
Roundtable an organization of nearly 200
of America's leading CEOs who
collectively employ over 15 million
people every sector of the economy is
represented in our organization so we
have an opportunity to get a view of the
big picture
and mr. president we we don't need to
tell you that right now the big picture
is very challenging we were facing the
largest economic crisis in certainly an
hour in our lifetimes and and all of our
members are keenly aware of that we
think now is the moment that it's
critical that the countries start
getting back to business as rapidly as
possible not just for the health of the
economy but for the health and
well-being of all of our citizens in our
country successful reopening will depend
as as the the other panelists have said
on a lot of different elements and if I
may I'd like to highlight three top of
the list is safety first
Business Roundtable companies are all
uniformly committed above all to
protecting the lives and the well-being
of their employees and their customers
and that means following sound public
health guidance like the one like the
guidance that has issued here from from
the very capable people on your team at
Business Roundtable all of our members
either already have in place or are
formulating careful plans for
responsibly transitioning back to work
like the plans we've we've heard about
just now this afternoon they're devising
new measures around personal protective
equipment cleaning procedures virus
screening ongoing social distancing in
the workplace all of the things that you
know about and they all seem to be
excellent plans which takes me to my
second point which is consistent
guidelines no matter how good every
company's transition plan is and we've
heard a lot of good ones here this
afternoon public confidence will be
undermined and the speed of the
reopening will be dramatically slowed if
we're all doing different things and
that's why the Business Roundtable has
called for clear science-based guidance
from the federal and state governments
on appropriate safety measures in
multiple workplace and commercial
settings at different stages in the
progression of the disease
the White House guidelines mr. president
that you highlighted in your first slide
the ones that came out two weeks ago are
an excellent start in identifying a
common set of phases for dealing with
reopening and a number of states are off
to really good start in identifying
recommended safety measures in each of
various different settings
now we think since we are now on the
cusp of many places being ready to
reopen more fully we think more specific
guidance is needed and so on Friday we
sent to the vice president and to all
the governor's a set of recommendations
on the kinds of consistent guidance our
businesses feel as necessary for the
safest and fastest reopening and we're
grateful for the chance to engage with
the vice president's team and all of
your task force on those issues and I
should say mr. vice president that
everybody in your administration despite
heavy burdens on them has been very
receptive to taking advice from the
business community and we're very
grateful for that final point ample
testing and monitoring the only thing
worse than an unnecessarily slow
recovery is a reversed recovery so to
avoid serious setbacks as our businesses
reopened we need to stay vigilant
identifying rapidly and and identifying
rapidly and isolating new kovat cases
and carefully tracking the spread of the
disease as I know your team is working
very hard on the robust testing and
other forms of monitoring are the keys
to the vigilance and they'll also teach
us what's working and what's not working
and allow us to make adjustments it'll
take a while for our economy to return
to normal but the traditional American
virtues of vigilance adaptation and
innovation we're confident will see us
through and get to get us to the other
side of this crisis as safely and
rapidly as possible
Thank You mr. president for thank you
Joseph's great the numbers when you look
at the stock market today the enthusiasm
is great its upper substantially as you
know and I think people are seeing every
big year coming up next year and I think
they're seeing a very big fourth quarter
Larry would you like to say Larry Kudlow
a few words please just a few words
thanks to everybody mr. president mr.
vice president and all the business
folks and my friends the munition this
is a tough one
I've been around a while this is a tough
one and the contractions gonna go on for
a bit but I like what I hear around the
table and I agree with the president we
will see a growing recovering economy by
summertime and the back ends of the year
and it's gonna extend into 2021 that's
what I think is gonna happen and I think
the stock market is signaling some of
that I wanted to buck it over to my dear
friend and colleague Kevin Hassett he he
gave it to me over in the Oval yesterday
I want to send it over to him today but
I appreciate it mr. president thank you
sir Thank You Larry and mr. president
mr. vice president I think when I first
came back back in early March that it
was clear that you had a first objective
with respect to the economy of building
a bridge to the next Shore the other
shore when we could restart the economy
and it was really massive fiscal action
that made it so that a day like today
could be possible where as you look
around there are all these businesses
that have the wherewithal to start up
and it's because they've stayed
connected to their employees the checks
that we've mailed to citizens means that
they're going to be demand for their
products and so the the big negative
numbers that we're gonna be seeing over
the next few months don't necessarily
mean what they would have meant absent
all those policies and so I think that
that we all have a great deal of
optimism about how quickly the economy
can come back and it's precisely because
of what we see in the room today that
people are have come up with
based on the guidance that your task
force mr. vice president have given that
make it so that they can operate safely
and they're gradually across the country
opening up and getting back to work and
they're able to do so because of the
lifeline that you mr. president through
them with all the first three phases of
fiscal policy thank you and it's great
to have you back two very talented guy
at least he made a lot of good
predictions your predictions alternate
between you and Larry that's a it's a
tremendous team thank you both very much
Jean secretary of a very important thing
called labor what's more important than
labor well it is so important and mr.
president I was pleased to be able to
tell you earlier today that as of
yesterday all 50 states in the District
of Columbia are now offering the
additional $600 and unemployment
insurance that was part of the cares Act
that you signed last month this was an
additional benefit on top of what the
states we're already making available in
unemployment in a one important part of
your program to support workers during
this difficult time as you know that the
states have had some challenges with
their computer systems we've been
working with them this is not declaring
victory in all aspects of delivering
those unemployment benefits but it is a
milestone I wanted to note I've have
been very pleased to hear the discussion
among this group about all the steps
that companies are taking to keep their
workers safe I think we all appreciate
that confidence in the part of workers
that they will be safe in the workplace
is going to be an important part of the
reopening as well as confidence in the
part of business about what needs to be
done and that when those steps are taken
they will have satisfied their
obligations we at the Labor Department
have been working carefully in
conjunction with the CDC to provide
guidance for a variety of different
workplaces so that employers and
companies know what needs to be done and
employees know as well and and and we'll
continue to do that
we're also receiving complaints from
workers who worried about safe work
conditions or that they might have
experienced some adverse action for
raising safety concerns and
and we'll look into those and will we
have the tools that we need from an
enforcement perspective if workers
rights aren't respected but I'm so
heartened to hear the steps that
businesses want to take and are taking
to support their workers just just a
last observation mr. president as you
and the vice president said just just
weeks ago we are enjoying such an
extraordinary economy and and and there
were reasons for that there were
policies that you put in place lower
taxes deregulation that were vital to
what we enjoyed before right now we're
in a period of very important government
intervention we need that but as we look
forward to the department I think it
will be important remember as well the
limits of government and that the single
best thing for workers is a vibrant
economy and that often comes from
allowing free markets and free people to
go about their business we'll keep that
in mind - thank you
okay any questions for our panelists
please yeah this could be a question for
for any of the business leaders but
there are polls that show that Americans
say the vast majority of Americans say
that once they're allowed to go back to
restaurants hotels places like that but
they won't because they don't feel safe
so do you are you worried that until
there is a vaccine people really won't
come back to some of these businesses of
course we worry about it and we see some
of the same polling and we're talking to
our customers by the tens of millions
hundreds of millions it last year we
served 180 million people so we have a
pretty pretty big and extensive customer
base what what we're hearing from our
customers is that they're desperate to
get back out and and move around and and
see their country again and see their
friends again they obviously want to do
it in a safe and healthy way and so I
think they're looking our customers are
saying they're looking for the
government both state and federal
government to focus on testing so that
they understand you know what real
mortality rates are as work has been
done with the Stanford test and the you
know the the data in Norway and other
data points that are coming out as the
administration and States do more and
more testing I think our
customers what I'm hearing from our
customers they're starting to understand
while every life is precious
that the reality of the ultimate
mortality rates here is probably much
much lower than had been estimated and
if they are old and infirm that they
have great risk and those people should
be protected but if they're not they
probably are at a very low risk they're
then looking for which is why we
launched this week clean stay and what
we're working with our industry they
want to know that people are being
responsible right they want to know that
that we are doing the testing the the
the social distancing that we are using
protocols and PPE in protecting our
employees so that they can protect
customers that we're being very
thoughtful and sensible that when they
do come and stay with us or they enter
into a restaurant where we've always had
good hygiene as you heard earlier we we
are you know our people are trained to
have good hygiene but we up our game so
so that when they're with us they feel
safe so I think it's a combination of
those things that are happening of
broadly understanding the real risk that
they have and then mitigating that risk
even further by the specific actions
that we all take in our places of work
with our team members and and thus
ultimately with our customers well tell
you to me I think there's a tremendous
pent-up demand for people I see it in
Texas where they have lines going into
stores and a couple of restaurants I
guess opened and they're there literally
have they have long lines I think
there's a tremendous pent-up demand I've
been to the White House now for many
months and I'd like to get out as much
as I love this is the most beautiful
house in the world in my opinion but I
think there's just a great demand to get
out and you know get our country going
again and that includes going to
restaurants and hotels and I think
you're gonna find Chris that you're
gonna have do a lot of business that
you're not even thinking about I'm
seeing it I feel it and I've felt a lot
of things over the years including G I
think I can win for president
and frankly I really feel that next
year's gonna be a very good year
economically we're gonna be back in
business
so we'll have to see I mean only time
will tell but there's a lot of good
feelings and a lot of good decisions
have been made by a lot of very talented
people so I'm feeling very much that
it's going to be very successful for you
mr. president do you want the FDA to
issue eight emergency youth Boston
emergency use authorization for in
desert here well it's a big it's a big
thing what happened just recently where
they came up with something that has a
very substantial percentage you know
it's a building block Tony said it today
I thought it was very well expressed he
said that's a building block that means
it's a very substantial chunk of a step
and that's a building block to the
ultimate step it's a big building block
when you hear I guess thirty one percent
so it was very good yeah I want them to
go as quickly as they can
Steven on dr. Hahn has been incredible
at the FDA he's getting things done at
record time there's never been anything
like it and yeah we want it we want
everything to be safe but we do we would
like to see very quick approvals
especially with things at work thank you
mister boland and others suggest that
they'd like to see federal guidelines
for some of these companies explicit
federal guidelines listen these company
into factories up team back up
so far you've given a lot of discretion
to companies in the States but is that
somewhere where you'd be willing to step
in and do more well we will step in if
we see something wrong we have given
discretion to the governor's have become
very well acquainted with the governor's
you have some very talented governors
frankly and probably some that are a
little bit less talented that's okay but
it's a very talented group of people and
they're working with us we're helping
them whether it's ventilators or swabs
that they can't get we're there and
we've taken in billions and billions of
dollars worth of equipment and
distributed to the states and you know
you you've heard the calls and we have
no problems we're doing really well and
we're backing them up but we want the
governor's to call those shots if we see
something that we don't like or that's
bad or that's unsafe we'll stop it
immediately okay Mike the new normal
three years from now say restaurant
workers hotel workers might they be
required to wear masks that sort of
thing what would the not it was three
months ago I think we want to go back to
where it was I've been when I look at a
baseball game I want to see people right
next to each other I don't want to see
four seats in between every person so
that the state it becomes 25% of its
original size no I want to see the NFL
with a packed house I don't want to see
NFL with three seats in between people
no I want to I want to go back to where
it was that's what we're going to be
look this thing will pass and when it
passes that'll be a great achievement
and we we've done a very good job
it's far too many people needlessly
because it could have been stopped at
the point of origin and somehow we
weren't helped by whether it's World
Health Organization or China whoever we
weren't they didn't do what should have
been done first said actually for the
whole world that's a very sad thing it
was a very very sad event to war against
the invisible enemy and and we're now on
the other side and we're
I think what I want to see is I want to
see where it was and I think we have a
chance have an incredible year next year
now not if somebody's going to come in
like our opponents and raise taxes all
over the place it'll raise taxes that's
that will kill something very fast we
have something that's very special
we built the greatest economy in the
world and I want to get that back as
soon as possible I think we can start
getting it back very very quickly look
at the stock market today when it has
that kind of Kevin and Larry when it has
that kind of Josh wonder that's that
kind of a bounce today as much as it
went up but I think it said almost a
record over the last week right it's
almost a record and this is in the midst
of something now we're not in the midst
they feel worth the other side of it or
you wouldn't be seeing numbers like this
but so we're at 24,000 maybe even a
little above 24,000 and we were 29,000
we never broke 30 on the Dow so that's
tremendous but what it really does you
have a lot of very smart people that
means that they are looking to the
future number one and I look at it as
jobs I also look at it as sort of
guidance it's a guidance in a sense it's
the stock market who would think you
could have a stock market at 24,000
after we've gone through the worst
pandemic since 1917 that's over a
hundred years
you know is the worst since 1917 so I
think that's a great indicator there's a
lot of very smart people that understand
that world very well and they have a lot
of confidence in it and that's some of
the companies that we hear public
companies but it means jobs it also
means not only guidance it means some
really some people and I know some great
investors people really have a lot of
confidence in what's going forward and
that's what I see and that's where I
want it to be okay mr. president are you
open to making a deal with the Postal
Service that would allow it to borrow
from Treasury without raising its
shipping rates it's a package rate you
have to raise the rates on packages
because they're losing a fortune on
packages they're losing anywhere from
two dollars to three or four dollars a
package every time they deliver so it's
not fair and it's not fair to the people
that work at the Postal Service you have
some of these companies the internet
retail you look at that and they drop
millions of packages or the post office
the post office delivers a package and
every time they look they deliver a
package they lose from two to five
dollars a package and what kind of a
business is that and you could never
replicate the post office the post
office is massive but they've got places
in little sections of our country that
no company could ever go to that took
hundreds of years to build the post
office and when you look at the size of
it and you compare it to companies it's
much bigger than companies I mean much
much bigger there's no company that's
the size of that no we want to stabilize
the post office and the way you do that
is these companies are going to have to
pay more not the people we're not
looking for the people but the companies
are going to have to pay a percentage of
that that lost you can't do that
government shouldn't have to do it I
think the post office could wouldn't it
be great if we could after so many
decades break even but we're making a
lot of people rich and a lot of
companies rich by subsidizing these
companies on top of that they don't pay
the same taxes as a retail store it's
very unfair to the retailers you look at
these stores the retail stores are being
just clobbered and there are so many
disadvantages but no when we deliver a
package at the post office every package
it delivers they lose a lot of money and
that's not fair those companies should
pay for it Steve a president over a year
ago asked us to chair a postal task
force to look at restructuring a year
ago we didn't have any Board of
Governors we now have a Board of
Governors that's overseeing it they're
conducting a search we look forward to
hearing the results the new postmaster
and we think this is a a business and
the people at the post office will have
a terrific opportunity and we're
protecting a post office by the way and
we always will but we want our post
office to be successful we don't want it
to be a laughingstock in a stupidly run
organization the way it's been for so
many decades now it's ridiculous and
then we make other people rich who make
other people rich because we're willing
to deliver packages at a fraction of the
cost so other people gain by it and by
the way and you're hurting a lot of
other people because you're hurting
retailers you look at stores where the
stores are they have to pay rent and
taxes and all sorts of things that these
companies don't have to pay so it's it's
not a fair situation we want to take
care of our taxpayers that we want to
take care of very very importantly the
people that work at the post office yes
please mr. president if there is another
round of aid for the states in
communities are you going to try to
restrict that aid from going to
sanctuary cities and states I don't
think you should have sanctuary cities
if they get that kind of aid you know if
you're gonna get aid to the cities and
states and for the kind of numbers
you're talking about billions of dollars
I don't think you should have sanctuary
cities and by the way the people that
have sanctuary cities they don't like it
I think politicians like it a lot more I
go to California I go to lots of
different places and I have people with
a very liberal bent saying they don't
like sanctuary cities they don't want
criminals to be in sanctuary they want
they want they want security they want
safety and you know they want borders
too they don't want people pouring a
course into our country and you know I
was there a long time ago the wall is is
up to 175 miles built down and and it's
the numbers are incredibly good because
all of that hundred and seventy-five
miles nobody comes through nobody even
comes close to coming through unless you
say I'm worth
but even they don't it's not even easy
for them Josh so it's it's been good but
we let very important for you we want
our farmers to be able to get to help
and we work it so it's actually easier
for them to get in you know they've been
taking some people that they've had for
years and years that come with the crops
and everything else and that really have
been great for the farmers and we want
that to continue and actually continue
at an easier pace we're working it so it
comes in so so that kind of help can
come in even easier which I think you
have to tell you people explicitly will
you seek to prevent the next round of
eight from going to sanctuary state
sensitives well number one we shouldn't
have to pay anything anyway because all
they do is make it very hard for law
enforcement so that's number one but I
think in the bigger picture I don't see
helping cities and states if they're
going to be sanctuary because all
sanctuary means to me is its protecting
a lot of criminals and and others many
people but they are there are criminals
and you know you write about it all the
time I see stories every day where
somebody's being totally protected ice
can't get to law enforcement can't get
to them you look at law enforcement law
enforcement hates actuary cities we want
a safe country we don't want people that
are criminals and criminals from other
countries in many cases protected and
can't get to me that was supposed to
make massive payments to those states to
bail out what they've done wrong over a
25 year period so we'll see that'll be a
subject that will be discussed certainly
sanctuary cities I think maybe was
brought up yesterday and I made the
statement of people were surprised to
hear it but they shouldn't be surprised
okay thank you
president what would you like the
country to fully be reopened to the way
it was before as I mentioned very
strongly Josh mentioned safety have to
have safety but at the same time people
want this country open the people here
want it open and there is a danger to
too much being confined to a house or an
apartment to wherever you Olivia
just we got to start moving along and
with all of the testing we're doing with
all of the things we're doing you can do
this now and governors are actually a
lot of pressures being put on governors
right now by the people in their states
they want to get it open and that's what
you want that's what we all want and
with all of the procedures and safety
we've learned a lot about this hidden
enemy we've learned a lot and there'll
be pockets of fire and we'll put them
out we'll put them out very very quickly
but you know during this period of time
I think we've really learned a
tremendous amount about how to handle it
nothing easy but we want safety so we
want safety and we want economic where
people can go and make a great living
and go back to living the way I mean you
had people we had wonderful people in
yesterday where the business was going
to be lost other than what we did Steve
with the great programs that we set up
their businesses were gone one man he
was a chef with five children and his
mother lived with him and his wife and
he got he lost his job for the first
time in his life some of you were there
and and you had others that were equally
so pretty pretty amazing I thought it
was a pretty amazing display of what
we've done to help a lot of people and
you have millions of people like that
millions that have been helped where
they wouldn't have a job right now and
where the business of small business
would have closed now these are big
businesses but the small businesses
would have closed and I think it's great
when when win which is a terrific group
of people but when Matt says that you
know we're supporting all of the people
I know what that is that's a big you
have all you practically a full staff
and you have no income that's a big
thing that's a great thing I hope you're
rewarded for that thank you thank you
very much that's a tremendous thing
by target data's as soon as possible
some states are already open I mean they
were opening up rapidly we have a number
of I'm opening up on Monday we have a
number of them opening up sooner than
that as you know and or at least
partially opening some of them even very
even with a very strong bent toward
opening they're opening up with a lope
and a certain amount here restaurants at
25% then going to 50% then ultimately we
want to be back to where the we're a
hundred percent we don't want we and one
restaurant they want to come up to me
and said sir you know I'm going to be
opening up but if I distance too much I
have 50% of the restaurant I had that's
it and you'll also have a worse
atmosphere we want to be back where we
can have we want it to be the way it was
because the way it was is the right way
we can't have somebody with a half a
restaurant do you understand again 175
seats now he's got half that's not going
to pay the rent or whatever same thing
with an owner I was on the phone with
the commissioners and some of the owners
of sports of of big-time sports and he
was talking almost like he was gonna
have two or three seats in between
everybody that was there and I said you
know you're not gonna have to do that
for that long you know it's you're gonna
be back he said really oh really it was
like I don't want people to get used to
this because this virus is going to be
gone and when it's gone you want to get
back to normal you're not gonna have a
stadium that's 30% the size of what it
was three months ago if I watch Alabama
play LSU I don't want to see 20,000
people instead of 120,000 people we want
it to be the way it was now we've got to
wait till it's gone and it will be gone
and we've done a lot to get rid of it
but we we want to open our country the
people want this country open this
hundred percent scenario you're laying
up
yeah he's not full vaccine off to the
vaccine so a lot of progress is being
made on a vaccine but you never know
right you never know you know with SARS
I didn't come up with a vaccine and
sometimes they don't and sometimes they
do I will say this I don't think there
was the same effort because a lot of
people don't know what's ours is and
some people do but but they do come up
with vaccines I mean you look at what's
happened as an example with Ebola with
AIDS with others that have been so
incredibly successfully if not
eradicated certainly it's been
incredible what some would build with
with what these people that I'm dealing
with right now like Gilead today with
you know what they came up with is an
example that's far ahead of schedule so
we're looking for vaccines were looking
for therapeutics also I mean I think
therapeutics right now I'd rather if you
gave me both I'd rather have to serve
because that you know makes people
better right now whether it's helping
them along or makes them better almost
instantly we have to see but this
tremendous work on therapeutics going on
and I think we're having some good
results one of them was was Gilead today
all of a sudden the full restaurants the
stages theoretically could come I hope
that's gonna happen Johnson & Johnson
Oxford you know you hear a lot of very
good stories I'm hearing a really
first-hand good stories very promising
but they have to test it you know maybe
it's not safe maybe it eradicate sit but
it's not safe and you know they have to
do testing with vaccines where's the
therapeutics it's it goes a lot quicker
in terms of the process know if you
don't have a vaccine if the virus is
gone we're like we were before but
having a vaccine would be a great thing
and I think we're gonna get there in
this case just based on what I know but
we'll see what happens look the the
Gilead research has been I mean that's
gone so fast that's gone at a level of
speed that nobody's ever seen before and
that's a stepping stone so I think
they're doing very well but no I want to
get I want to get back with or without
but I want you know obviously we have to
wait til it's gone it will be gone and
we want to be back to where we were yes
without a vaccine sir why do you think
the virus will just be gone it's gonna
be eradicated and it might take longer
it might be in smaller sections it'll be
it won't be what we had and and we also
learned a lot again if you have a
flare-up in a certain area if you have a
I call them burning embers boom we put
it out we know how to put it out now but
we put it out and now we're equipped now
we have more ventilators than anyone
thought was possible I mean we're doing
a tremendous service for the world right
now we're giving ventilators you know we
have we're making hundreds of thousands
of ventilators in I believe nine
different plants that made other
products in some cases cars in some
places other things these companies
General Motors and and Ford in another
way and
ge so many companies have Honeywell
they've stepped up thorium has been
terrific they've stepped up like
nobody's ever seen before
and the job they're doing is great and
I'll tell you I think the job that
they're doing on vaccines and Dohrn
therapeutics has been great too
we'll see I mean we'll let you know
about that in a little while please mr.
president boils up today partially on
reports that the Treasury secretary and
others may have but on the suggestion
the the Treasury secretary and others
may have presented you with a plan for
government assistance to the oil
companies go and get in trouble it's not
their fault that they got hit by 50%
less volume in one day you know one one
instant all of a sudden is very great
companies are employing all these people
so I'm talking to Steve and you know
what we just saved the airlines the
airlines were having the best year
they've ever had and then all of a
sudden they're like out of business we
can't let that happen so we saved the
airlines that's done we're saving other
companies and industries and I would say
Steve maybe you can talk to it but I
think the oil industry is one of the top
on the list so we're looking at a lot of
different strategies we have a dedicated
team combined of people at Treasury and
people at the Department of Energy as
I've said before this is not going to be
a bailout of shareholders but this is
going to be supporting the national
security issue I would just comment the
Secretary of Energy has done an
extraordinary job of taking in oil in
the strategic reserve in being paid for
the storage capacity in oil we're also
exploring potentially having the ability
to store another several hundred million
barrels so we're looking at lots of
different options we're in touch with
lots of people around the world and the
president is determined that we protect
the national security interest and the
jobs
this week about we had a very
interesting thing because we had a lot
of capacity meaning you can fill it up
in the national strategic reserves and
you know was it full and we made a great
deal if you would have told us that we
could have had that filled up or it's on
the way to being filled up at the kind
of pricing that we're talking about I
would have said you have to be kidding
we're talking about 19 I'm not sure
Krista's gonna be happy about this
because it doesn't pertain to the hotel
business don't get scared but you know
we're talking about like 1952 pricing
it's it's unbelievable its prices that
are so low and in some cases with
storing oil and getting paid for storage
because we have a tremendous capacity
for it
so what's happened with the strategic
reserves is incredible he announced this
week do you have a timeline for that see
additionally it might be announced this
week or do you have a timeline for it
one that for a while for oil companies
well is even a plan yes we'd say shortly
I mean right now we're dealing with some
of the big ones but where the big ones
are very strong they've been very strong
over the years I think that they're not
going to have the problem but we have a
lot of great people and a lot of great
jobs in Texas and Oklahoma and North
Dakota and other states that are great
its energies now I don't even call it
oil I call it energy this is this is the
backbone of the world really you know
you can talk all of the green I'm all
for green but the green can't power
these massive factories that are being
built in this country
it just can't the windmills aren't going
to be able to do it and Solar is not
going to be able to do it I love solar
but it's not going to be able to do it
and you know we're getting it for the
right price but we're not going to let
our where energy independent we're not
going to let our energy industry down
we're not
let them and it's not our fault it's not
their fault but we're not going to let
anything happen to them so we're working
on that very hard I think protecting
energy and energy independence to me
that's a very big part of what happened
you know we it energy has really helped
to me turn this country into the
economic power that it's been and we're
not going to let that go I'm sure it's
going to have a couple of bad years we
have a tremendous oversupply the reason
we have the oversupply though number one
it was a very efficient business and but
the reason we have it is because the
demand got cut in half one day by this
by this plague one day all of a sudden
take a look at the roads it goes from
packed highways everybody traveling
going all over to no cars on the road I
mean that was 25-30 percent right there
but then there's other things factories
that aren't working right now because of
this we did a great thing last night
using the powers that we have to make
sure that the processes and and all of
the delivery of our food chain that it
was protected and safe and those people
we were on the phone with all of them
this morning pretty much all of them as
you probably know they were cheering
literally cheering over the phone we did
some their good moves not moves not
money move so much as as common sense
folks because they were being you know
they were being hurt by stupidity and we
have them really back online so I think
we put out that's called burning embers
too we put out a fire so there'll be
plenty of meat and pork and everything
that you want yeah and mr. president you
said you were anxious to get out the
White House might we see some travel in
the next week or so I think so I think
I'm going to Arizona next week and we
look forward to that and I'm going to I
hope oh hi oh very soon and we're going
to start to move around and hopefully in
the not too distant future we'll have
some massive rallies and people will be
sitting next to each other I can't
imagine a rally where you have every
fourth seat full every
every six seats are empty for every one
that you have full that wouldn't look
too good no I look I hope that we're
gonna be able to do some good
old-fashioned twenty five thousand
person rallies where everyone's going
while because they love our country
okay back that to happen well I'm going
to Arizona and that's a little bit
different that's having to do with
industry because it's too soon for you
know for the big for the big everybody
get together and stand next to each
other crowds but that'll be next week I
don't know it'll depend it also depends
on states you know you have different
states some states are really in great
shape now and some states will be in
great shape but a lot of progress has
been made a lot of progress has been
made it's pretty incredible even if you
look in New York I spoke with Governor
Cuomo at length today and you know they
were on that other side of the curve a
lot less it's been hit very hard you
know it's it's New York and you probably
would expect that but there are the
other side of that curve the the bed
usage and the people coming to hospitals
is way down much lower than it was so a
lot of very positive signs are happening
okay
surprise you see expect to be able to
hold rallies before the election too
soon I hope so we have a tremendous pent
up demand they love what we're doing
they don't want to have taxes raised
they don't want to have stupid things
happening they like the trade deals with
made great trade deals I mean the
greatest trade deals ever made in this
country and that's what they want and we
have a lot of them that were lined up
and ready to be done right Kevin we have
deals that were lined up with countries
ready to be done that was so good for
our country so good for our workers and
then this scourge came along and you
know that's the last thing people are
thinking about right now it's you know
we put them on hold for a little while
but but no I hope to have I hope to see
football games and baseball games and
basketball now about for basketball
you're gonna have to have a little bit
of a time I don't know what they're
gonna do maybe they'll be able to play
sort of toward the finals of the
playoffs or whatever they're doing
I suppose doing something very you
I don't know I don't know if I agree
with it I'd like to see the Yankees play
at Yankee Stadium I see they have some
ideas for baseball that are very
different I guess I'm a traditionalist
but I think they'd be able to play at
Yankee Stadium with obviously smaller
crowds and then the crowds would start
to build as things get to be a little
bit better but no I I think you're gonna
see some some big things happening and
again this is going away this is going
away think we're going to come up with
vaccines no but this is going away and
when it's gone we're gonna be doing a
lot of things and again you have to look
other areas there are areas you know we
all look at New York and we sue New York
and New Jersey and some of these very
high-density places where they're doing
a very good job it's just you know it's
not easy but you have areas that are
really at a very low point and and
really heading I always say heading
south quickly and that's what we want so
we'll see how it all works out I think
it's working very good how about one
more just on that point of this going
away not to belabor the point but isn't
it going away because people are staying
in their homes and people are not
traveling and once they go back out
there's no evidence that it would go
away I cannot tell you how dedicated the
people of this country have been in
terms of that yeah you know one thing of
you staying home you're not catching it
if you stay in your place and you don't
go out and you know which is what people
were doing but they want to go out now
they want to get back and they want to
do what they have to do and some of the
facts are coming out and we did all the
right moves that's how we did we
wouldn't do we're talking to Mike before
if we didn't do what we did you would
have had a million people die maybe more
maybe two million people died and if you
think that would be at 65 or 70 or 60 or
whatever the final number will be it one
is too many I always say it one is far
too many this should have never been
allowed to happen should have been
stopped a long time ago before it ever
got here or to other countries but if
you really think about it
you could have had I take a look at
Elmer's Hospital a look at some of these
places that I know growing up in Queens
and I know Elmhurst Hospital I know
these places very well like the back of
my hand
and you see body bags lying all over the
hallways and outside and going into
refrigerated trucks and multiply that
number by 10 or 20 if we didn't do what
we did it wouldn't be acceptable it
wouldn't be sustainable nobody would
have accepted that it would have been a
terrible thing we've just we've done it
right I can't I can't believe how
incredible the American people have been
because they went out and they really
did this Chris you know when you think
they went out and and they did what they
had to do you know there that every once
in a while a country like Sweden will be
thrown out or Brazil now Brazil's having
a hard time because they you know they
having a hard time but Sweden the people
in Sweden did it running around shaking
hands and hugging and kissing each other
you know they're the bars are closed and
the the people are staying in the house
the Prime Minister's don't have to
doesn't have to say in Sweden
stay in your house the people stay there
automatically and you know they're using
that as an example but they've been hit
hard they've been hit hard but again
they're proud you call it automatic
I mean it's automatic distancing it's
automatic protection but places were
closed the bars were closed can't stand
at the bars you can't do certain things
you know now what we did was what we did
is a great tribute to this country but
if we lost so if we lose sixty five
thousand people it's so crazy to say it
it's just so horrible but it will lose
65,000 people and instead of that going
the other route we would have lost a
million or a million and a half or two
million it's possible it's possible that
you lost more but could you imagine look
how horrible it is to lose 65 and then
multiply that times many many times that
would not be sustainable
so I think with all of that I want to
just thank everybody and I want to thank
these business folks are are just
tremendously talented people people have
no idea how talent that they are the job
they do and we're getting our way back
and we're getting our way back I think
much faster than people think and I
think it's going to be a much more a
much more successful launch than anybody
would have thought I really think next
year's going to be a tremendous year and
I think the fourth quarter is going to
be Larry I think the fourth quarter is
going to be fantastic I can feel it you
know I can feel the demand it's it's
going to be really fantastic thank you
very much everybody thank you